before I get the comments about
being a misogynistic term this is
actually about King Sisyphus he's that
Greek guy who's doomed to push a boulder
up a hill for all of eternity he's known
for his massive quads so that's why it's
called a squat stand on your toes
and bring your knees down toward the
ground and lift yourself back up ideally
without breaking at the hip but instead
of starting right away with the hardest
version available you'd need to scale it
back body weight squat pistol squat
squat negative then you can
finally do your squat choose the
variation that you can do more than five
reps of but less than 10 reps out it's
just like push-ups if this is too easy
maybe give this a try oh gosh still
working on it stay flexy